controller: add ssh key (#62)
NethServer/nethsecurity-docs: controller.rst

SSH access
==========

SSH, or Secure Shell, is a cryptographic network protocol for operating network services securely over an unsecured network.

> SSH provides a secure channel over an unsecured network in a client-server architecture, connecting an SSH client application with an SSH server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SSH provides a secure channel over an unsecured network in a client-server architecture, connecting an SSH client application to an SSH server.
```

It is possible to connect to the unit by clicking on the :guilabel:`Open SSH terminal` link.
The connection is made through a web-based SSH client that allows access to the unit's shell.

> You can connect to units using user name and password or an SSH key pair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can connect to units using username and password or an SSH key pair.
```

> Once connected, the SSH session will be started inside a new browser tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once connected, the SSH session will be started inside a new browser tab. Some browsers require the permission to open popups for the SSH session to work properly.
```

To close the session, simply close the browser window or logout from the shell using CTRL + D.

Username and password
---------------------

> If the logged-in user does not have an SSH key, the user can connect using a username and password of the unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user can connect using a username and password of the unit in the following scenarios:
- The logged-in user has not generated an SSH key pair
- The public SSH key of the logged-in user hasn't been copied inside the SSH authorized keys file of the unit
```

SSH key
-------

An SSH key pair is a set of two cryptographic keys that are used for authentication when establishing a secure connection using the SSH (Secure Shell) protocol.
The pair consists of a private key and a public key:

1. **Private Key**: This is kept secret and secure by the user. It should never be exposed to the outside world. It is used to decrypt data that has been encrypted with the public key.

2. **Public Key**: This can be freely shared and is used to encrypt data that can only be decrypted with the private key.

When you connect to a server using SSH with key pair authentication, you provide your public key to the server.
The server then encrypts a challenge message with your public key. Your client then decrypts the message with your private key and sends the result back to the server.
If the result is correct, the server knows that you must have the correct private key and allows you to connect.

This method of authentication is more secure than using a password, as it provides a form of two-factor authentication:
something you have (the private key file) and something you know (the passphrase to unlock the private key).

> To use an SSH key, generate a new key pair by accessing the ``Account Settings`` page and and clicking on the :guilabel:`Generate SSH key pair` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use an SSH key, generate a new key pair by accessing the ``Account settings`` page and and clicking on the :guilabel:`Generate SSH key pair` button.
```

Enter a passphrase to protect the private key and click on the :guilabel:`Generate SSH key` button.
The user interface will display the public key, while the private key is preserved safely inside the controller.

Before connecting to the unit, you must copy the public key and paste it into the unit's SSH authorized keys file.

> You can do it from the ``Units`` page, by clicking on the :guilabel:`Actions` button and selecting :guilabel:`Send SSH public key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do it from the ``Unit manager`` page, by clicking on the :guilabel:`Actions` button and selecting :guilabel:`Send SSH public key`.
```
